you knew that in the ports to tie and 400
and I'll tie 800 you can find the
initials of one of the programmers if
do you do the following get a new
high school 'with any of the
following figures
then it causes the game over
assuring you that your last life the
lose when falling from a great height
then in the main menu
choose level of difficulty 4 when pressing
options three times expected to happen to the
demo screen and initials ltd
will appear this was discovered 26 years
after the game came out
hiroshi yamauchi president of nintendo
in the years when donkey kong was created
he thought it would be a good idea to put him
a title in English to get closer
to the western market to shigeru miyamoto
creator of the game he came up with the
name of donkey kong believing that
Donkey was a synonym for fool or
stupid resulting in stupid sign
everyone laughed at him when he heard such
proposal but in the end the
name stayed nintendo was sued
for universal studios when donkey kong
the studies became popular
they alleged that donkey kong was a theft
copyright of king kong the
nintendo john kelvin lawyer demonstrated
that the studies did not have the rights
of the name king kong and therefore
they lost the nintendo case rewarded
here I saw with a boat called donkey kong
and the rights to be the owner
absolute name on all boats
it is said that they also appreciated it
by choosing his surname as the name of
Another popular character from Nintendo
nintendo was impressed with the
graphic work that the studies network
they had gotten with their computers
silicon graphics yielded the license
from donkey kong
develop a new game by being a
title that in those years looked very
Realistically Roger decided that they should
be the animations of the movements
from donkey kong and visited a zoo
to observe the behavior of
Apes were quite disappointed
to see that the movements of the apes
they were not very fast or not enough
like to go with an action game
platform in the intro of donkey kong
country tranqui is on top of the beams
of the first donkey kong of 1981 while
they play turntables with the theme
original of that game then arrived
here with your radio and enter the years
92 instead of including a bar
energy or something similar king decided
include a second playable character in
donkey kong country in the first
plans was donkey kong junior the chosen
but with a new more youthful design
less childish to nintendo did not like the
idea and let sweep with a choice or
they left doc and with juniors like it was
before or made this new design a
new character who re-elected to stay
with his model and that's how he was born
pizzi with ping kong until finally
he stayed diddy kong los kremlin gsw
sworn enemies of donkey kong that in
the country trilogy were originally
characters designed for another game of
network but in the end the studies
they decided to use them as villains
official of the series the first world of
donkey kong country jon golf kings
called john gould and james this name
he recovered for the first world of
donkey kong 64 donkey kong 64 was coming
included with the pack expansion
device designed to increase the
processing power of nintendo 64
it was believed that because of the graphic power and
the immensity of the worlds and characters
of the game its use was mandatory but in
reality for the only thing that served the
expansion so that in this game it was
to prevent an error occurring that
it completely blocked the game
donkey kong 64 has classification and
Uruguay suitable for all ages without
But the brad biker has
words that are considered offensive in
American English
the phrase what discount is one hell of a
game was censored in versions
later of the new
if you liked this video review the
description to find others more and
do not forget to check www.wendys.com for
find many more two curious